docs: add virtual cluster limits known issue DOC-1592 (#5440)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/release-notes/known-issues.md

> | Palette upgrades on K3s virtual clusters may block if the cluster does not have enough resources to accommodate additional pods. You should ensure that your cluster has 1 CPU, 1 GiB of memory, and 1 GiB storage of free resources before commencing an upgrade. You may increase the virtual clusters resource quotas or disable them.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Refer to the [Adjust Virtual Clusters Limits](../troubleshooting/palette-dev-engine.md#scenario---adjust-virtual-clusters-limits-before-palette-upgrades) guide for workaround steps.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | January 18, 2025   | Virtual Clusters             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Palette upgrades on K3s virtual clusters may be blocked if the cluster does not have enough resources to accommodate additional pods. Ensure that your cluster has 1 CPU, 1 GiB of memory, and 1 GiB storage of free resources before commencing an upgrade. You may increase the virtual cluster's resource quotas or disable them.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | Refer to the [Adjust Virtual Clusters Limits](../troubleshooting/palette-dev-engine.md#scenario---adjust-virtual-clusters-limits-before-palette-upgrades) guide for workaround steps.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           | January 18, 2025   | Virtual Clusters             |
```
Made the voice a bit more active vs saying "should"
